#labels SummitXL,X-WAM
= Packages of the SummitXL stack =

*bh262_description*

Contains the description of the Barrett Hand: urdf and meshes. This Hand is mounted on the WAM arm and is the end effector used by the [http://www.robotnik.es/en/products/mobile-manipulators/x-wam X-WAM mobile manipulator].

*summit_xl_2dnav*

This package contains all the configuration files needed to execute the AMCL and SLAM navigation algorithms in simulation.
   
*summit_xl_control*

New gazebo 1.9 style robot control

*summit_xl_description*

robot description (urdf and meshes).

*summit_xl_gazebo*

launch files and world files to start the models in gazebo

*summit_xl_joint_state*

test node to publish joint states (as alternative to the joint_state_publisher)

*summit_xl_joystick*

node to process the joystick in simulation (configured for PS3, but others are also possible).

*summit_xl_robot_control*

control the robot joints in all kinematic configurations, publishes odom topic and, if configured, also tf odom->base_link. Usually takes as input joystick commands and generates as outputs references for the gazebo controllers defined in summit_xl_control.

*summit_xl_waypoints*

pass a set of goals from a file to the move_base stack.

*wam_description*

Barrett WAM (Whole Arm Manipulator) urdf and meshes. 

*xl_terabot_description*

Robot description of the [http://www.robotnik.es/en/products/mobile-manipulators/xl-terabot XL-Terabot robot].

*x_wam_moveit*

Draft moveit package to control the X-WAM.