#labels Summit,Robot,Mobile,OMNI,SummitXL
#Packages of the SummitXL stack (Groovy)

= Packages of the SummitXL stack =

This metapackage includes the simulation for the Summit XL series rovers (Summit XL, Summit XL OMNI and X-WAM)

The summit_xl_sim simulation stack is composed of the following packages:

* summit_xl_description

The urdf, meshes, and other elements needed in the description are contained here. The standard camera configurations have been included (w/wo sphere_camera, w/wo axis_camera, etc.). This package includes the description of the Summit XL, Summit XL OMNI and X-WAM mobile platforms.
The package includes also some launch files to publish the robot state and to test the urdf files in rviz.

* summit_xl_gazebo

This package defines the launch files for launching the models contained in the previous package in gazebo. This package contains also world definitions for gazebo.

* summit_xl_control

This package contains the launch and configuration files to spawn the joint controllers with the ROS controller_manager. It allows to launch the joint controllers for the Summit XL (4 axes skid steering + 2 axes ptz), Summit XL OMNI (4 axes skid steering, 4 axes swerve drive), Summit X-WAM (4 axes skid steering, 4 axes swerve drive, 1 linear axis for scissor mechanism).

The Summit XL simulation stack follows the gazebo_ros controller manager scheme described in
http://gazebosim.org/wiki/Tutorials/1.9/ROS_Control_with_Gazebo

* summit_xl_robot_control

This controller. implements the control of the 4 axes - skid-steering kinematics of the Summit XL robot and Omnidirectional kinematics of the Summit XL Omni and X-WAM robots. It reads the joint states from the published joint_state and sends the appropriate references to each axis according to the subscribed commands. The commands can be sent from the summit_xl_joystick, summit_xl_2dnav or any other package.

This node also computes the odometry of the robot using the joint movements and a IMU. Publish these odometry to /odom. The node has a flag in the yaml files that forces the publication or not of the odom->base_footprint frames, needed by the localization and mapping algorithms.

* summit_xl_2dnav

This package contains all the configuration files needed to execute the AMCL and SLAM navigation algorithms in simulation.

* summit_xl_joystick

This package allows to use a joystick with the summit_controller, sending the messages received through the joystick input, correctly adapted, to the "/summit_xl_robot_control/command" topic. 

* summit_xl_waypoints

This package uses the move_base stack in order to send sequences of goals to the rover.

* summit_xl_joint_state

Simple template (example) to access the joint states.

